c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\MatHackWebApiTemplate.dll.config
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\MatHackWebApiTemplate.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\MatHackWebApiTemplate.pdb
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\obj\Release\MatHackWebApiTemplate.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\obj\Release\MatHackWebApiTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\obj\Release\MatHackWebApiTemplate.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\Ja\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MatHackWebApiTemplate\MatHackWebApiTemplate\bin\Mono.Math.xml
